feature/SM-7380: dynamic urls (#792)
departmentfortransport/street-manager-docs: docs/api-documentation/V2.0/index.md

{: .govuk-body}

<ol class="govuk-list govuk-list--bullet">

>   <li><a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/articles/business-rules-home.html">Business rules</a>, for details on Street Managers business processes and logic</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <li><a href="{{ site.business_rules_home_url }}>Business rules</a>, for details on Street Managers business processes and logic</li>
```
